# Full guide of remote installing and updating
#### This guide is intended to use with these STBs:
* MAG 322 / 324,
* MAG 324C,
* MAG 349 / 351 (when have support of MAG Software Portal).

Here you have index of all ways to install MAG Software Portal on your STB and/or do update.

**ATTENTION!** Differently from MAGs with Bootloader menu, here you stream **only Imageupdate file**. Don't stream Bootstrap!

## By USB without Bootstrap
1. Prepare pendrive:
	* must be 8 GB or less (you can try with 16 GB, but not sure if will work), if there are two or more partitions, use first one.
	* create directory with title depending on STB: *mag322* for MAG 322, *mag324* for MAG 324 / 324C, *mag349* for MAG 349, *mag351* for MAG 351 at root of pendrive
	* download correct imageupdate file and put it at this directory.
2. Connect prepared USB stick to **rear socket** of STB.
3. Launch STB at System Recovery Utility mode.
4. Go to *Upgrade Tools* -> *Update software* -> *Using USB*
5. Just wait, if everything is done well you will boot into latest MAG Software Portal.

## By multicast channel
1. **Prepare to do multicast channel update**:
	* You have to do it at computer with any Windows and .NET Framework 2 and higher.
	* It's necessary that PC and STB are in the same brodcast domain. Otherwise it is necessary to provide routing for multicast flows on the required network division. It is usually sufficient to use a direct cable network connection between STB and PC or they both must be connected to the same switch / router (in the last case the STB and the PC must be connected by cable connection).
	* Download multicast application from misc catalogue (*mcast.exe*).
2. **Start sending multicast**:
	* Run utility at PC. It will send **only one stream** for Imageupdate.	
	* Select the required network interface and specify place of imageupdate file. Specify this parameter: file name - imageupdate
	* Enter IP address **224.50.0.211:9001** (make sure that it's free on your network).
	* Click Start button.
3. **Start receiving at STB**:
	* Enter System Recovery Utility menu -> *Upgrade Tools* -> *Using multicast*
	* Follow guidelines at TV.
	* If everything has been done well, STB will automatically boot to MAG Software Portal release chosen by you.

Updating by multicast should take no more than 15 minutes. Succesful update finishes by booting installed release. It doesn't end by itself in case of errors (e.g. due to network errors, broken router etc.). To exit multicast update mode reboot STB.

## Using DHCP
